Mini Quiz: Spring Boot and REST APIs
Part 1: Definitions and Concepts

    Dependency Injection (DI):
        What is Dependency Injection (DI)?
        Explain the purpose of a DI container.

    HTTP Verbs:
        Match the following HTTP verbs to their correct description:
            GET
            POST
            PUT
            DELETE
            PATCH
        Descriptions:
            Used to retrieve information from the server.
            Used to submit data to be processed to the server.
            Used to update existing data on the server.
            Used to delete existing data on the server.
            Used to apply partial modifications to data on the server.

    API (Application Programming Interface):
        What is an API?
        Why are APIs important in software development?

    MVC Architecture:
        Define the following components of the MVC architecture:
            Model
            View
            Controller

    Repositories and Services:
        What is the role of a Repository in Spring Boot?
        What is the role of a Service in Spring Boot?

Part 2: Scenario Questions

You need to retrieve a list of all products available in your online store. Which HTTP verb would you use and why?
You want to remove a specific product from the inventory. Which HTTP verb would you use and why?
You need to retrieve the details of a specific user by their ID. Which HTTP verb would you use and why?
You want to update the entire information of a product in your inventory. Which HTTP verb would you use and why?
You need to apply a partial update to a user's profile information (e.g., updating just the phone number). Which HTTP verb would you use and why?
You need to add a new item to a user's shopping cart. Which HTTP verb would you use and why?
You want to fetch a list of all orders placed by a specific user. Which HTTP verb would you use and why?
You need to delete all items in a user's shopping cart. Which HTTP verb would you use and why?